Earlier I use to think that females are not good at programming and males are dominating the programming world. But after doing research on the internet I realized that I was wrong. This is myth that females are not good programmer. How one can forget about the first female programmer Ada Lovelace?
So I thought that I should prepare a list of top female programmers all over the world and share it with others. Below I am listing out the top 5 sexiest female programmers who are a great combination of beauty with brains.

0. Ayaka Ikezawa


1. Jade Raymond
Jade Raymond completed her graduation from St. George’s School of Montreal and Marianopolis College. She received a Bachelor of Science degree from McGill University in 1998, where she majored in computer science. She started her career as a programmer for Sony. Jade is the producer of a famous game Assassin’s Creed. Currently she is working as a managing director of Ubisoft Publisher.

2.Sara Haider
Sara Haider is another sexy & famous female programmer. She completed her education from University of Waterloo. She worked for Google for a considerable amount of time. She was involved in the development of Vine app for android. Currently she is working as a software engineer at Twitter.

3. Corrine Yu
Probably Corrine Yu comes at first position in world’s female game programmers list. She is a professional programmer and coder too. She has given her contribution in development of various famous games like Brothers in arms, Borderlands, Zombie, Unreal Engine 3. She made a great contribution in developing Halo 4, which became very popular video game of year 2012. Apart from game programming she won national award in 2009 for Nuclear Physics research.

4. Amanda Wixted
Amanda Wixted is known all over the world as one of the most effective and efficient mobile developers as well as a good game programmer. Amanda has given her contribution in the development of the popular game Farmville. Currently she is consulting and managing few companies and she started also a company Turf geography club.

5. Tracy Chou
Tracy Chou holds Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering as well as Master’s degrees in Computer Science from the Stanford University. She worked for many big companies like Google, Facebook, Quora. Currently she is working as a software engineer for Pinterest.




http://www.cnbeta.com/articles/190331.htm

